Once upon a time, on a boat gently moving
under the sun, lived a man named Ben, his
wife Sarah, and their daughter Lily.
They had made this boat their home, but
it was more than just a place to live.
It was their jam, inside, behind worn
wooden walls.
They had a small clothes factory.
Ben had always wanted to work for
himself, and, well, the boat idea just clicked.
It was a risky move, but they took the
chance, and now they were producing the
most unique, handcrafted clothes
.
This is where their story begins, where
work, family, and secrets weave together
like threads in a fabric.
Every day, they moved the boat near small
coastal towns, offering their clothes to
curious visitors.
Who knew you could make a whole factory
fit on a boat?
People would often say, staring in
disbelief, Ben always smiled and replied,
Well, when pigs fly, you'll see a factory
that works harder than this one.
Lily, now 17 years old, had lived on the
boat her whole life.
She knew its creaks, its sounds, and the
salty air that filled every corner.
She loved to play on the deck, sometimes
imagining they were on an adventure in
far -off lands.
One day, as they finished their last
piece of clothing for the week, Sarah
called Lily inside.
Come help me fold these shirts.
We've got a big order tomorrow.
How big?
Lily asked, curious.
About 500 shirts.
Her mother replied, her hands moving swiftly.
I hope we get it done in time.
Ben, listening from behind them, sighed,
If we keep cutting corners, we're going
to have to go back to square one.
We've already burned the midnight oil
three times this week.
Sarah stopped folding and looked at him.
Don't worry.
We'll make it work.
We always do.
The nights on the boat were quiet, with
the occasional sound of the waves beneath them.
But one night, something changed.
It was a calm evening.
Lily had just turned off the lights and
was about to fall asleep when she heard it.
A soft bump against the side of the boat.
She sat up, her heart racing.
Dad?
She called out softly.
No answer.
Cautiously, she tiptoed outside.
There, near the back of the boat, she saw
something or someone moving in the shadows.
Ben exclaimed the next morning, as Lily
told her parents what she saw.
I swear, there was someone there.
I couldn't see them clearly, but I'm not
making this up.
Lily said.
Her voice high -key shook.
Ben and Sarah exchanged worried glances.
Okay.
Sarah said calmly.
Maybe it's nothing.
But we'll keep an eye out.
Let's not get salty over it
.
Over the next few days, strange things
started to happen.
A batch of shirts, which had been neatly
folded, appeared out of place.
Once, they even found a shirt completely
soaked, despite having left it dry under
the roof.
Lily would wake up in the middle of the
night, hearing footsteps outside her room.
This is getting sus.
She whispered one morning to her dad.
What do you mean?
Ben asked, glancing over at Sarah.
How could there be anyone on board
without us noticing?
I don't know, but it's vibing way off.
That afternoon, they decided to search
every inch of the boat.
They looked under every shelf, behind
every curtain, but found nothing, until
Ben opened the storage room door.
There, inside, hidden behind the boxes of
fabric, they found an old man.
His clothes were ragged, his face worn by
the sea, and his eyes wide with fear.
Ben muttered, backing up.
Sarah gasped, and Lily stood frozen.
I'm sorry.
The old man said, holding up his hands.
I didn't mean to cause any trouble.
I've just been hiding here for a few days.
Please, don't kick me out.
Who are you?
And what are you doing here?
Sarah asked her voice firm.
My name is Tom.
I used to live in these waters, but I
lost everything.
I saw your boat, and I thought I could,
you know, hide.
I didn't want to bother you, I swear.
Ben was speechless, but Lily felt a
strange sympathy for the man.
Dad.
She whispered, Maybe we could help him.
No way.
Ben replied, shaking his head.
We're not running a charity here.
But Sarah thought for a moment.
Why don't you work with us for a while?
You can help with the clothes, and once
you've earned enough, we'll let you go.
Tom's eyes lit up.
I'd be so grateful.
He said, his voice low -key desperate.
Weeks passed, and Tom became part of
their routine.
He worked hard, sewing and cutting,
making the most out of what Louie had.
Lily would ask him questions all the time.
How old are you?
She asked once.
Sixty -two.
He replied, I've been on these waters for
as long as I can remember.
But as time went on, more secrets began
to spill.
Lily overheard Tom talking to someone on
the radio late one night.
Could you say that again?
He whispered from the shadows.
He repeated something about a shipment,
about someone coming to take the boat.
Lily felt her heart skip a beat.
She went straight to her parents.
Tom isn't who he says he is.
He's planning something, something big.
I heard him say they're coming for the boat.
Ben, now suspicious, decided to confront Tom.
Tom, what's really going on here?
He demanded the next morning.
Tom, caught off guard, stuttered.
I didn't want to involve you.
I owe a lot of people a lot of money.
They've been chasing me, and I thought,
maybe this boat could save me.
And now they're coming for us?
Sarah asked, her voice sharp.
Tom hung his head.
Yes, I'm sorry.
I didn't mean for this to happen.
The family had no choice.
They packed up their things and moved the
boat further out to sea, hoping to avoid
the danger coming their way.
But deep down, they knew they were on
thin ice.
Tom had brought trouble into their lives,
and the question now was, how long could
they escape it?